My project I want to work on for the final would be a Cinder based project working with displaying weather stations on a map_ image to display a large amount of Data in a more compressed way. If we look at what a weather station actually is we see that it is contains info such as cloud cover, wind speed and direction, dewpoint and temperature, precipitation, and pressure trends. Being able to display this kind of data in a easy way is vital to making predictions for future weather and to spot trends over large areas. My project would take in JSON of weather data from different stations at different coordinites and not only make an object for each of these JSON weather stations but plot them on a map_ given coordinintes or maybe longitude and latitude.

Some reasons I feel I would be motivated enough to complete this project is that I am pursuing a Atmospheric Science Minor and am interested in the common ground between computer models and making predictions. Additionally this project would be not only good for my atmospheric science portfolio but alo computer science portfolio when it comes to dealing with ways to easily display large amounts of data. Personally I know how a weather station is set up and what types of cinder drawing tools I can use to draw a weather station icon in multiple places. Using similar ideas as the ideal gas I can make a list of weather stations objects and have a draw fuction which I should try and implement in the first week. In the second week I should be working on aquirring JSON data and making it applicable in a way that we can convert it to the weather station object. The third week will be tying both parts to the google maps API or scaling coordinites over a backround picture of a map_. This means we can plot coordinites in a way that turns latitude and longetide converted to the cinder position relative to the map_ we are using.

[reference of a weather station](https://www.wpc.ncep.noaa.gov/images/plotstation.gif)
[final product idea](https://www.ametsoc.org/amsedu/dstreme/extras/usr_guide/sfc1.gif)

If I were to finish early I would work on implementing this on multiple maps and create a scaling system to convert coordinites to points on different types of map_ sizes. I was wondering if it would be possible to upload custom images to Cinder so that I could use them as map_ backrounds on my visual final product. Even if map_ backrounds are a bit harder to implement I beleive this project has many ways in which it could be adapted to be more felxable and applicable to different maps or types of weather and with all these different possible implementations I think I will be able to work on many different ways to apply this program if I finish early.
